it's kind of hard to understand but once
you get into it the story is actually
kind of good
this girl here she's very rich and
beautiful and has everything a girl
could ask for
oh cool clothes nice complexion and her
tickets pretty much any guy she wants
once Burke Landers life was a high
school seniors dream this would all be
perfect if it weren't for Jakarta das
ouch
[Music]
so when a boyband wannabe steals his
girlfriend because himself Straker he'll
do anything
Midsummer Night's Dream what are you
gonna try out for the show to make life
imitate pop oh hell dumb break loose and
get his girl back we sing first and then
we read later call Domino's we'll be
here a while
[Music]
Kirsten Dunst
Ben Foster Cisco Colin Hanks and Martin
Short remember what the wonderful Bobby
De Niro once said to me well not to me
but I read it in Oracle get over it
[Applause]